Updating python -> editing -> troubleshooting table (#6523)
microsoft/vscode-docs: docs/python/editing.md

### Troubleshooting IntelliSense

For common Intellisense and Python editing issues, check the following causes:

| Problem | Cause | Solution |
| --- | --- | ---|

> | Pylance seems slow or is consuming too much memory when working on a large workspace. | Pylance analysis is done on all files present in a given workspace.  | If there are subfolders you know can be excluded from Pylance's analysis, you can add their paths to the `python.analysis.exclude` setting. Alternatively, you can try setting `python.analysis.indexing` to `false` to disable Pylance's indexer (**Note**: this will also impact the experience of completions and auto imports. Learn more about indexing in [code analysis settings](/docs/python/settings-reference.md#code-analysis-settings)).  |

Reviewer: I think the best order for this table would be:
1. The path to the Python interpreter is incorrect
2. Import could not be found *(reportMissingImports)*
3. Pylance is only offering top-level symbol options when adding imports.
4. Pylance seems slow or is consuming too much memory when working on a large workspace.
5. You are unable to install a custom module into your Python project.

> | Pylance seems slow or is consuming too much memory when working on a large workspace. | Pylance analysis is done on all files present in a given workspace.  | If there are subfolders you know can be excluded from Pylance's analysis, you can add their paths to the `python.analysis.exclude` setting. Alternatively, you can try setting `python.analysis.indexing` to `false` to disable Pylance's indexer (**Note**: this will also impact the experience of completions and auto imports. Learn more about indexing in [code analysis settings](/docs/python/settings-reference.md#code-analysis-settings)).  |

Author: ```suggestion
| The path to the Python interpreter is incorrect | The Python extension tries to find and select what it deems the best environment for the workspace. | Make sure you selected a valid interpreter path by running the **Python: Select Interpreter** command (see [Environments](/docs/python/environments.md)). |
| Import could not be found *(reportMissingImports)* | The package you are trying to import is not installed in the selected Python environment. | First, ensure the package is installed in your environment. If working in a `.py` file, type `python -m pip install {package_name}` in an activated terminal to install a package into your environment. For a Notebook, type `%pip install {package name}` in your code cell. If the package is installed, ensure you are using the correct environment/interpreter that matches the environment activated in your terminal. To select a new Python interpreter, use the **Python: Select Interpreter** command.|
| Pylance is only offering top-level symbol options when adding imports. | By default, only top-level modules are indexed (depth =1). | Try increasing the depth to which Pylance can index your installed libraries through the `python.analysis.packageIndexDepths`. Check [code analysis settings](/docs/python/settings-reference.md#code-analysis-settings). |
| Pylance seems slow or is consuming too much memory when working on a large workspace. | Pylance analysis is done on all files present in a given workspace.  | If there are subfolders you know can be excluded from Pylance's analysis, you can add their paths to the `python.analysis.exclude` setting. Alternatively, you can try setting `python.analysis.indexing` to `false` to disable Pylance's indexer (**Note**: this will also impact the experience of completions and auto imports. Learn more about indexing in [code analysis settings](/docs/python/settings-reference.md#code-analysis-settings)).  |
| You are unable to install a custom module into your Python project. | The custom module is located in a non-standard location (not installed using pip). | Add the location to the `python.autoComplete.extraPaths` setting and restart VS Code. |

```

> | Pylance is only offering top-level symbol options when adding imports. | By default, only top-level modules are indexed (depth =1). | Try increasing the depth to which Pylance can index your installed libraries through the `python.analysis.packageIndexDepths`. Check [code analysis settings](/docs/python/settings-reference.md#code-analysis-settings).     |
> | The path to the Python interpreter is incorrect | The Python extension tries to find and select what it deems the best environment for the workspace. | Make sure you selected a valid interpreter path by running the **Python: Select Interpreter** command (see [Environments](/docs/python/environments.md)). |
> | You are unable to install a custom module into your Python project. | The custom module is located in a non-standard location (not installed using pip). | Add the location to the `python.autoComplete.extraPaths` setting and restart VS Code. |
> | Import could not be found  *(reportMissingImports)* | The package you are trying to import is not installed in the selected Python environment. | First, ensure the package is installed in your environment. If working in a `.py` file, type `python -m pip install {package_name}` in an activated terminal to install a package into your environment. For a Notebook, type `%pip install {package name}` in your code cell. If the package is installed, ensure you are using the correct environment/interpreter that matches the environment activated in your terminal. To select a new Python interpreter, use the **Python: Select Interpreter** command.

Author: ```suggestion
```

### Troubleshooting IntelliSense

> For common Intellisense and Python editing issues, check the following causes:

Author: ```suggestion
For help with common Intellisense and Python editing issues, check the table below:
```

> For autocomplete and IntelliSense issues, check the following causes:

Author: Should we change the way we are describing this table to broaden the scope? May not be necessary  "For common Intellisense and Python editing issues, check the following causes:"?

Reviewer: I like that!

Reviewer 2: Yp duped spruce.. love it

> For autocomplete and IntelliSense issues, check the following causes:

Author: ```suggestion
For common Intellisense and Python editing issues, check the following causes:
```

> | Cause | Solution |

Reviewer: I love that idea!

| --- | --- |
| Pylance seems slow or is consuming too much memory when working on a large workspace. | If there are subfolders you know can be excluded from Pylance's analysis, you can add their paths to the `python.analysis.exclude` setting. Alternatively, you can try setting `python.analysis.indexing` to `false` to disable Pylance's indexer (**Note**: this will also impact the experience of completions and auto imports. Learn more about indexing in [code analysis settings](/docs/python/settings-reference.md#code-analysis-settings)).  |
| Pylance is only offering top-level symbol options when adding imports. | Try increasing the depth to which Pylance can index your installed libraries through the `python.analysis.packageIndexDepths`. Check [code analysis settings](/docs/python/settings-reference.md#code-analysis-settings).     |

> | The path to the Python interpreter is incorrect | Make sure you selected a valid interpreter path by running the **Python: Select Interpreter** command (see [Environments](/docs/python/environments.md)). |

Reviewer: Whenever we reference "Select Interpreter", we could mention it's for Python files. And then if people are dealing with Notebooks, we tell them to select the Kernel.

| The custom module is located in a non-standard location (not installed using pip). | Add the location to the `python.autoComplete.extraPaths` setting and restart VS Code. |

> | Import could not be found  *(reportMissingImports)* | This message means the package you are trying to import is not installed in the selected Python environment. First, ensure you are using the correct environment/interpreter that matches the environment activated in your terminal. To select a new Python interpreter, use the **Python: Select Interpreter** command. If you are in the intended environment, you need to install the package into the environment. For example, in an activated terminal type `python -m pip install {package_name}` to install a package into your environment.

Reviewer: I'd suggest adding this one first (as it's the most likely cause), and then the path to the interpreter incorrect being the second.

Reviewer: I think that when telling folks who are using notebooks how to install packages, we could probably tell them to add a %pip install line in their cell? @minsa110  would the best person to guide us here!
